22 JAN 2016

In order to closely study, without the overhead for how Viskit creates and
runs a project, once a project is produced, it can be easily ported
over to a NetBeans (or standalone) project, both of which can be launched via
Apache Ant.

1) Move/Copy the ${myViskitProjects/${projectName}/build/src directory up two
levels to the ${projectName} directory.  The build/src directory is created by
Viskit before it generates Java source out of all Event Graph XML files in the
project and is continually overwritten during Viskit runtime.

2) Modify the assembly source code (now located in ${projectName}src/) as
detailed here:

In the constructor under setNumberReplications(1), paste:
        setVerboseReplication(-1);
        setSaveReplicationData(false);
        setPrintReplicationReports(true);
        setPrintSummaryReport(true);
        setOutputStream(System.out);

These are all Viskit Runtime specific and will cause errors to be thrown when
run from a standalone (non-Viskit) context if set otherwise.

Modify setStopTime(1000); to the desired # of milliseconds of runtime

3) In the method createDesignPointStats(), comment out
super.createDesignPointStats().  Again, we are not in the Viskit Runtime
environment.  We are only using some of Viskit's classpath for standalone
operation.

4) Copy over Viskit's configuration, Schemas and lib directories into your
standalone project directory.  It will help to modify two configuration files
found in the /configuration directory, c_app.xml -> modify the projecthome.path
and projecthome.name attributes to be the parent directory (use full path names)
and the project directory name.  For c_gui.xml, modify the projecttitle.name
attribute to be the same name as the project.name.  This will ensure correct
viskit.jar use for your standalone project.

5) Next, create a new NetBeans Java project stating "with source code."  Set up
the classpath to point to the project's "lib" directory.  The viskit.jar will
also be required in the classpath, but you will not be running Viskit.  It is
found in Viskit's build/lib directory.  The Assembly source will be your
project's "Main."

Select "Run" from Netbeans, or type: java -jar YourProjectName.jar into the CLI
